1. Review Your Database Schema & Models
User Table:
Ensure the user table includes all required fields (e.g., id, username, password_hash, email, role (admin vs. regular), etc.).
Verify that the password field is securely hashed (using bcrypt or similar).
Confirm that any unique constraints (like on username or email) are in place.
Admin Login:
Check that your admin login expects a proper role or flag (like role: 'admin') and that the admin account exists in the database.
2. Validate API Endpoints
Login Endpoint:

Request Validation:
Ensure that the login endpoint properly validates the incoming payload (username/email and password).
Use libraries like Joi or Zod to enforce schemas.
Password Verification:
Confirm that your server is correctly comparing the provided password with the stored password hash. Use a reliable hashing library (bcrypt, argon2, etc.).
Session/Token Handling:
Verify that, upon successful login, you generate and return a valid session or JWT token.
Check that any cookies or headers (e.g., Authorization Bearer tokens) are set correctly.
Register Endpoint:

Data Validation:
Validate that new user registrations provide all required fields and that data adheres to constraints (e.g., proper email format, password strength).
Duplicate Checking:
Ensure the endpoint checks for existing usernames or emails and returns a helpful error if duplicates are found.
Password Storage:
Confirm that the password is hashed before saving to the database.
Admin Login:

Role Verification:
Make sure the admin login endpoint not only validates credentials but also verifies the user’s role.
Log any errors if a non-admin user attempts to access admin endpoints.
3. Debugging & Logging
Detailed Error Logs:
Add detailed logging (with caution to not log sensitive information) to capture failed login attempts. For example, log the error message and status code without exposing passwords.
Testing:
Use Postman or curl to test the endpoints:
Login:
curl -X POST http://localhost:<PORT>/api/login -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"username": "testuser", "password": "testpass"}'
Register:
curl -X POST http://localhost:<PORT>/api/register -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"username": "newuser", "email": "newuser@example.com", "password": "newpass"}'
Admin Login:
Similar to login, but verify that you get the correct response for an admin account.
Check for Common Pitfalls:
Are the endpoints correctly reading the request body (e.g., using middleware like express.json())?
Are CORS issues or misconfigured headers interfering with requests?
Verify that your database queries are returning the expected results.
4. Isolate and Test Each Component
Unit Test Functions:
Write unit tests for the password verification logic, input validation, and session/token creation functions.
Integration Test Endpoints:
Run integration tests against your endpoints. If you're using a testing framework (like Jest or Mocha), simulate various scenarios:
Correct credentials vs. incorrect credentials.
Attempting registration with a duplicate username/email.
Admin login with a regular user account (should be rejected).
Roll Back & Compare:
If possible, compare your current implementation with a previously known working version (if one exists) to see what changed.
5. Deployment Considerations
Feature Toggle:
If login/register is critical and causing delays, consider temporarily isolating it behind a feature flag. This way, you can deploy the rest of the application (leaderboards, Telegram bot, etc.) while you work on the authentication issues separately.
Monitoring:
Once deployed, ensure you have proper logging and monitoring in place to quickly catch any issues with login/register endpoints.
6. Next Steps
Implement the Fixes:
Go through your login, register, and admin login code to ensure all the above points are addressed.
Manual Testing:
Test manually using Postman or curl as described.
Share Logs:
If issues persist, review the logs and pinpoint the exact error (e.g., “password mismatch,” “user not found,” or database constraint error). This will guide further debugging.
Consider a Rollback:
If you’re very close to deployment and authentication is still problematic, consider rolling back to a minimal working state for login/register. You can then re-enable the feature once fully fixed.