set up and test your Telegram bot:

1. Environment & Initial Setup
Set Environment Variables:
Ensure you have these variables set in your deployment platform (e.g., Replit Secrets):
TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN: Your bot's token.
WEBHOOK_URL (if applicable in production).
INTERNAL_API_URL: The URL for your internal API (e.g., http://0.0.0.0:5000).
Any other necessary database credentials or configuration keys.
Install Dependencies:
Run:
npm install
Confirm that all dependencies (e.g., node-telegram-bot-api, drizzle-orm, zod, etc.) are installed.
Confirm Port Configuration:
Make sure your server is set to listen on the appropriate port (e.g., 5000) and that your .replit file is configured with wait_for_port if needed.
2. Start Your Bot
Run the Bot:
Use your startup command, for example:
npm run dev
Check the logs for messages indicating that the bot has:
Started polling or set up the webhook.
Successfully initialized (e.g., "✅ Bot initialized successfully as @YourBotUsername").
Health Check:
The bot should perform periodic health checks. Confirm that the logs indicate successful health check passes.
3. Testing with Telegram Client
Open a Private Chat:
Search for your bot in Telegram and start a conversation by sending /start.
Verify that you receive a well-formatted welcome message with inline buttons (e.g., “Verify Account”, “Quick Links”).
Test Basic Commands:
/start:
Should display the welcome message.
/help:
Should show the help menu with general commands.
/verify:
Test with a valid Goated username (e.g., /verify YourUsername).
Confirm you receive verification instructions and the confirmation message.
/menu:
Should display quick links, ensuring that only the /play command (with the affiliate link) shows the external Goated URL.
/status:
For verified users, it should show account status.
/bonuscodes:
For verified users, it should return the latest bonus codes.
Test Inline Query & Callback Queries:
Inline Query:
Type @YourBotUsername in a chat to trigger inline results (e.g., personal stats or leaderboard).
Verify that the results appear correctly.
Callback Buttons:
Click on inline buttons (e.g., from the main menu) and confirm that the bot updates or sends new messages as expected.
Message Editing:
If your bot uses editMessageText for refreshing data, check that the messages update without duplicating.
Admin Testing:
Log in with the admin account (e.g., @xGoombas).
Test admin-specific commands:
/pending:
Check that pending verification requests are listed.
/makeadmin:
If applicable, test granting admin privileges.
Recurring Message Commands:
Test /setrecurring and /stoprecurring to ensure recurring messages are scheduled and can be stopped.
Broadcast & Group Commands:
Test /broadcast, /group_message, and similar admin functions.
Verify that the admin commands are not visible or executable by regular users.
Test Challenges & Forwarding (if implemented):
Create a challenge using the admin command (/createchallenge).
Test submitting a challenge entry and verify that it logs properly.
Check the inline commands for challenge management.
4. Error Handling & Logging
Review Logs:
Make sure that any errors (e.g., in fetching leaderboard data, verifying requests, etc.) are logged clearly.
Check that friendly error messages are sent to users when issues occur.
Simulate Error Conditions:
For instance, try sending invalid commands or triggering rate limits to see if the bot responds gracefully.
5. Final Verification
User Feedback:
If possible, have a few team members interact with the bot to provide feedback on usability, clarity, and responsiveness.
Consistency:
Confirm that all external links to Goated.com only appear where intended (e.g., in the /play command and welcome message).
Custom Assets:
Verify that custom emojis and any stickers are displaying as planned.