 But given that the code is written as such, perhaps the issue is on the server side. So the code can't be fixed without access to the server code. But assuming that the code is correct and the server is up, then the error would not occur. So the error in the toast would be due to the code's own error handling, which is not capturing the actual server error message. So the code needs to be adjusted to properly handle the error messages from the response. That's the main front-end fix. Additionally, if the server is returning a 500 error, then the back-end code must be checked for handling the request correctly. But without seeing that code, I can't provide further assistance. However, in the code's current state, the error handling could be improved by including the response's error message in the thrown error. That's the main client-side adjustment needed. So modifying the useQuery's queryFn to extract the error message from the response would enhance the error information. Thus, the code should be updated to include the response's error text. That should provide more details in the toast. So, in the code, change the queryFn to:
if (!response.ok) {
const errorMessage = await response.text();
throw new Error(Failed to fetch current race data: ${errorMessage});
}
Then, when the error occurs, the toast will display the combined message, which includes the server's error message. This can help in debugging. But how to test this? If the code is in a development environment, you can check the browser's developer tools' network panel to see the response status and the response body. Alternatively, if you can simulate the server error, you can see if the error message is now including the response's text. For example, if the server returns a 500 Internal Server Error with a body of 'Something went wrong', the toast will display 'Error loading race data: Something went wrong'. That's much better than a generic message. So this is an important fix. Another thing to check is whether the API route is correctly set up. For example, if the code is in a Next.js app, ensure that there's a file at pages/api/wager-races/current.js that handles the GET request. If the file exists but has routing errors, it might not respond correctly. Finally, make sure that the API route is properly exported and handles the request. For example, in Next.js, the API route file should export a default function that handles the request. So, the server-side code must be correct. But since that's not provided, I can't verify. So, the code's client-side can be adjusted to handle the errors more effectively, and then the server must be checked for proper handling of the request. That's the main thing. So, in the code, the error handling for the useQuery should be updated to include the response's error message. Once that's done, the toast will display more informative error messages. Additionally, the code uses the 'wouter' library for routing. If the Link component is correctly set up, then the '/wager-races' route should render the correct page. But that's outside the current component's scope. In conclusion, the code should be adjusted to properly propagate the error messages from the server, and the server's API route should be correctly set up and handle the requests. Until those changes are made, the code will continue to show the error state. But with the improved error handling in the code, the user will see more accurate error messages. That's the best possible fix within the code's scope.